Update saml inline hook doc to add SessionNotOnOrAfter support (#2077)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/saml-hook/index.md

Specify the location within the assertion where you want to apply your operation using a slash-delimited path, which follows JSON Patch conventions.

> When you perform an `add` op to add a new attribute statement, begin with `/claims/` and follow that with the name of the new attribute that you are adding.

Reviewer: Should we add a sentence about the ability to add to the `/authentication` path? Or is this a limited scenario?

Author: Yup this is a limited scenario. It only allows `/authentication/sessionLifetime` which is the special case.

When you modify an existing assertions statement, begin the path with `/subject/`, `/authentication/`, `/conditions/`, or `/claims/`, depending on which part of the assertion you want to modify. You then drill down within the child elements using slash-delimited element names, for example, `/claims/array/attributeValues/1/value`. (The `/1/` in the path indicates the index of the array.)

### URI claims

Okta supports URI claims with SAML assertion hooks. When you need to replace or add a URI claim, you must encode the claim name within the command per the [JavaScript Object Notation (JSON) Pointer](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6901) specification. Specifically, this replaces `~` with `~0` and  `/` with `~1`.

### SessionNotOnOrAfter support

> If you want to add `SessionNotOnOrAfter` attribute to the `<saml:AuthnStatement>` in SAML assertion, use `add` op with the path `/authentication/sessionLifetime` and session lifetime in seconds. Refer to example [here](/docs/reference/saml-hook/#sample-listing-of-json-payload-of-response). Okta will calculate `SessionNotOnOrAfter` by adding `/authentication/sessionLifetime` value to `issueInstant` and return it in SAML assertion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some scenarios, your service provider may require the `SessionNotOnOrAfter` attribute for the `<saml:AuthnStatement>` in the SAML assertion, which sets the provider session time correctly. Use `add` op with the path `/authentication/sessionLifetime` and a value for session lifetime in seconds to add this attribute. See the [Sample listing of JSON payload response](/docs/reference/saml-hook/#sample-listing-of-json-payload-of-response) for an example. Okta calculates `SessionNotOnOrAfter` by adding `/authentication/sessionLifetime` value to the `issueInstant` attribute and returns it in the SAML assertion.
```

Reviewer: @nakuljoshi-okta fyi, hope you don't mind a bit of a re-write. I only add a reason why I believe you would want to update this attribute in first sentence (only add if it's accurate). I then reformatted a few items for dev docs styles.

Author: this re-write looks better to me. committing the suggestion.
